DOC-2303: add sandbox_iframes breaking changes to 7.0 release notes. (#3113)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== `sandbox_iframes` editor option is now defaulted to `true`.

> In {productname} 6.8.1, xref:content-filtering.adoc#sandbox-iframes[sandbox iframes] editor option was introduced to allow iframes to be sandboxed by default when inserted into the editor.
> 
> With the release of {productname} 7.0, the default for `+sandbox_iframes+` editor option has been changed to `true`, constituting a breaking change for users whose editor version is below 7.0.
> 
> For further details on this option, refer to the xref:content-filtering.adoc#sandbox-iframes[sandbox iframes], or see link:https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/6.8.1-release-notes/#new-sandbox_iframes-option-that-controls-whether-iframe-elements-will-be-added-a-sandbox-attribute-to-mitigate-malicious-intent[{productname} 6.8.1 release notes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.8.1, the xref:content-filtering.adoc#sandbox-iframes[sandbox iframes] editor option was introduced to allow iframes to be sandboxed by default when inserted into the editor.

In {productname} 7.0, the default for `+sandbox_iframes+` will change from `false` to `true`, meaning that all `+iframe+` elements inserted into the editor will be given the `sandbox=""` attribute by default, preventing most actions, including scripting and same-origin access, which may break existing editor content or produce undesirable effects.

To prevent any expected iframes from being sandboxed, we recommend adding the source domains of such iframes to the new xref:content-filtering.adoc#sandbox-iframes-exclusions[`+sandbox_iframes_exclusions+`] option list, and including the domains in the default list where necessary. To prevent all iframes from being sandboxed, set the option `+sandbox_iframes+` to `+false+` in your editor configuration.

For further details on the `+sandbox_iframes+` option, see the xref:content-filtering.adoc#sandbox-iframes[the content filtering options], or refer to the xref:security.adoc#sandbox-iframes[security guide], or the link:https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/6.8.1-release-notes/#new-sandbox_iframes-option-that-controls-whether-iframe-elements-will-be-added-a-sandbox-attribute-to-mitigate-malicious-intent[{productname} 6.8.1 release notes].
```

// CCFR here.

=== `sandbox_iframes` editor option is now defaulted to `true`.

In {productname} 6.8.1, `sandbox_iframes` editor option was introduced to support a security vulnerability issue with {productname} loading iframes `unsandboxed` which as a result could allow arbitrary code execution inside {productname} content.

With the release of {productname} 7.0, the default for `sandbox_iframes` editor option has been changed to `true`, constituting a breaking change for users whose editor version is below 7.0.

[IMPORTANT]

> The premium **Enhanced Media Embed** plugin uses `iframes` extensively and are currently no workarounds available except to keep a record of allowed sources. Customers who want to continue to use **Enhanced Media Embed** plugin in {productname} 7.0 will be required to add the option `sandbox_iframes: false` to their {productname} init configuration.

Author: @MitchC1999 see [here](https://www.notion.so/tinycloud/TinyMCE-7-Breaking-Changes-Overview-bd803eddc1a243798fb05c3e0d46f579?pvs=4#ac10ed5925b54ff7881548dcb55a92d3)

> [IMPORTANT]
> The premium **Enhanced Media Embed** plugin uses `iframes` extensively and are currently no workarounds available except to keep a record of allowed sources. Customers who want to continue to use **Enhanced Media Embed** plugin in {productname} 7.0 will be required to add the option `sandbox_iframes: false` to their {productname} init configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
After review, the information on that notion page is incorrect. Remove this section.

> For further details on this option, refer to the xref:security.adoc#sandbox-iframes-option[sandbox_iframes] option, or see xref:migration-from-6x.adoc#sandbox-iframes[migration from 6x guide].

Reviewer: We should add partials for this option and `sandbox_iframes_exclusions`, so that we can include them in a new `content-filtering.adoc` page, under the `Content` heading in the nav, not just `security.adoc`.

Author: will update this once i pull in changes from the other PR so i can verify the build has no failures.
